Clinic-Appointments(Target Variable: Follow-Up).
- Reason for the target variable: To save time and increase productivity in deciding whether to follow up a patient or not.

Preprocessing Stage.
1) Try to impute values in the gender column as much as I can, and drop the rest(optional) or drop the missing rows if it doesn't affects the dataset.✅
2) Rename follow_up_required column to follow_up.✅
3) Capitalize column heads.✅
4) Rename Patient Id to Patient ID.✅
5) Under gender column, use male or female.✅
Replace values under follow_up column with yes and no.✅
6) Use same date format for both appointment and booking date column, and convert the dtype.✅
7) Convert the billing amount to Euros and float dtype, i.e create a new column for the conversion.✅
8) Arrange the column in a presiding logical order.✅

Feature Engineering Stage.
1) Features to use:
	i) Create a column for days between the booking and appointment date.✅
       ii) Drop the following columns; patient id, patient name, billing amount, currency, and amount.✅
2) Scaling:
	i) Map the gender, department and follow-up column.✅
       ii) Encode the doctor column by frequency.✅(Branch at this stage and test out the target variable encoding depending on the iterative answer; No need for the target encoding)

EDA Stage.
1) Univariant Analysis:
	i) Histogram to check the distribution and Boxplot to view outliers.✅
       ii) Age, amount charge, booking date, appointment date and waiting days has distribution that is to be research on especially amount charge, booking date and waiting days that are positively skewed.✅ 
2) Multivariant Analysis:
	i) Pair-plot and correlation heat-map for relationship between features.✅
3)Conclusion: 
        i) There is no linear relationship with the target variable but a little bit among some variables when joined together.
       ii) Drop the doctor and doctor frequency column as it has no effect to the target variable. Then the booking date as it has high correlation with the waiting days✅

Model Training and Evaluation Stage.
1) Assign feature and target variable.✅
2) Assign train, validation and test variables.✅
3) Select base ML model(logistic regression, decision tree and random forest).✅
4) Use sklearn to preprocess the dataset accordingly.✅
5) Train, predict and evaluate(accuracy, confusion matrix and classification report).✅
6) Tune(random search), validate(stratified k-fold) and evaluate.✅
7) Test and plot the algorithm graph.✅
8) Select the one that address the problem and offers optimized solution as the dataset model, and save using joblib.✅

Deployment Stage.
1) Blue_print of the model work_flow.✅ 
2) Model work_flow function.✅
3) Build a web app and deploy via streamlit.✅

Maintenance Stage.
1) Improvement on model quality.
2) Collection of data and feedback.
3) Model monitoring and performance. 